README.md, before:

# My Learning Tracker <!--Add Twitter Sharing Button-->

This is my own version of "My learning Tracker", a complete log of my web development skills, learning, resources, highlights, interests, and everything to do with my learning. It's a way to keep track, organise, and share my learning.

Original version created by: [@Syknapse](https://github.com/Syknapse/My-Learning-Tracker/blob/master/README.md "https://github.com/Syknapse/My-Learning-Tracker/blob/master/README.md") 

----

## Skills

[done]: https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/29199184/32275438-8385f5c0-bf0b-11e7-9406-42265f71e2bd.png "Done"
[Soon]: https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/29199184/34462916-d5c37bd4-ee4d-11e7-9f4a-d57f2243281b.png "Soon"

|               Skill              | 1<br>Introduction | 2<br>Occasional Use    | 3<br>Regular use |
|:-------------------------------- |:-----------------:|:----------------------:|:----------------:|
|**HTML5**                         | ![done][done]     | ![done][done]          | ![done][done]    |
|**CSS3**                          | ![done][done]     | ![done][done]          | ![done][done]    |
|**CSS Grid & Flex-box**           | ![done][done]     | ![done][done]          | ![done][done]    |
|**JavaScript**                    | ![done][done]     | ![done][done]          | ![done][done]    |
|**Git**                           | ![done][done]     | ![done][done]          |                  |
|**Git bash**                      | ![done][done]     | ![done][done]          |                  |
|**GitHub**                        | ![done][done]     | ![done][done]          |                  |
|**ES6**                           | ![Soon][Soon]     |                        |                  |
|**Sass**                          |                   |                        |                  |
|**PostCSS**                       |                   |                        |                  |
|**jQuery**                        |                   |                        |                  | 
... 
<!--
|**React**                         |                   |                        |                  |
|**StoryBook**                     |                   |                        |                  |
|**Redux**                         |                   |                        |                  |
|**Backbone**                      |                   |                        |                  |
|**Bitbucket**                     |                   |                        |                  |
|**Gulp/Webpack**                  |                   |                        |                  |
|**Prettier**                      |                   |                        |                  |
|**EsLint**                        |                   |                        |                  |
|**Agile**                         |                   |                        |                  |
|**Jira**                          |                   |                        |                  |
|**NPM**                           |                   |                        |                  |
|**Yarn**                          |                   |                        |                  |
|**Working with APIs**             | ![done][done]     |                        |                  |
|**Stylus**                        |                   |                        |                  |
|**Responsive design**             | ![done][done]     |                        |                  |
|**Mobile first**                  |                   |                        |                  |
|**Progressive Enhancement**       |                   |                        |                  |
|**Markdown**                      | ![done][done]     |                        |                  |
|**Website Building**              | ![done][done]     |                        |                  |
|**Publishing website**            |                   |                        |                  |
|**Bootstrap**                     |                   |                        |                  |
|**Command line**                  | ![done][done]     |                        |                  |
|**Node.js**                       |                   |                        |                  |
|**NPM scripts**                   |                   |                        |                  |
|**Husky**                         |                   |                        |                  |
|**Open Source Contribution**      |                   |                        |                  |
|**Next.js**                       |                   |                        |                  |
|**Angular 4**                     |                   |                        |                  |-->

----

## Learning

[//]: # (Status images)

[Completed]: https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/29199184/32275438-8385f5c0-bf0b-11e7-9406-42265f71e2bd.png "Completed"
[In Progress]: https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/29199184/34462881-7305ddac-ee4d-11e7-9b57-589424820da4.png "In Progress"
[Soon]: https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/29199184/34462916-d5c37bd4-ee4d-11e7-9f4a-d57f2243281b.png "Soon"

|            Status           |   Year     | Course                                                          |                Tutor                        |
|:---------------------------:|:-----------|:----------------------------------------------------------------|:-------------------------------------------:|
| ![Completed][Completed]     |    2020    | [Responsive Web Design]                                         | [Free Code Camp]                            |
| ![In Progress][In Progress] |    2020    | [Experto en Administración Web]                                 | [Fatla.org]                                 |
| ![Soon][Soon]               |            | [JavaScript Algorithms and Data Structures]                     | [Free Code Camp]                            |
| ![Soon][Soon]               |            | [Full Stack Online Curriculum]                                  | [App Academy Open]                          |

[//]: # (Reference links to courses)

[Responsive Web Design]: https://www.freecodecamp.org/cesaraugp
[Experto en Administración Web]: https://www.fatla.org/becas/administracion-web.html
[JavaScript Algorithms and Data Structures]: https://www.freecodecamp.org/cesaraugp
[Full Stack Online Curriculum]: https://open.appacademy.io/learn/full-stack-online/



[//]: # (Reference links to tutors)

[App Academy Open]: https://open.appacademy.io/
[Free Code Camp]: https://www.freecodecamp.org
[Fatla.org]: https://www.fatla.org


## Paths

| Paths with multiple resources                             |            Author            |
|:----------------------------------------------------------|:----------------------------:|
| [Front End Developer Roadmap]                             | [Kamran Ahmed]               |
| [Full Stack Web Developer Path]                           | [Shovan Chatterjee]          |

[//]: # (Reference links to paths)

[Front End Developer Roadmap]: https://roadmap.sh/frontend
[Full Stack Web Developer Path]: https://github.com/shovanch/fullstack-web-developer-path

[//]: # (Reference links to authors)
[Kamran Ahmed]: https://github.com/kamranahmedse
[Shovan Chatterjee]: https://github.com/shovanch

----

## Highlights
Available soon! :eyes:
<!--The most interesting of what I'm watching, reading, and doing:
[**Click here for playlists and tweets. Articles, talks, tutorials, and more**](https://syknapse.github.io/My-Learning-Tracker/)
And here is a chronological log of the highlights of my learning:
[**My Learning Log**](https://github.com/Syknapse/My-Learning-Tracker/blob/master/log.md)-->

----

## Interests

I'm currently interested in/excited about:

+ React
+ JavaScript best practices
+ Object Oriented Programming

----

## Web Development Checklist

<!--This is a list of basic objectives to meet on the road to mastering web development.-->
To Be updated Soon :eyes: !

<!-- It is an almost exact copy of [Ginny Fahs'](https://twitter.com/ginnyfahs) ["Things Real Developers Do: My Bucket List"](https://blog.prototypr.io/wondering-if-youre-a-real-developer-yet-try-making-a-bucket-list-281275482155) -->
<!-- 
* [x] Open the computer’s terminal
* [x] Use a text editor (bonus points if you have a specific reason for choosing it)
* [x] Use some keyboard shortcuts
* [ ] Write tests for your code
* [ ] Help another web developer with something they’re having trouble with
* [ ] Attend an event about web development
* [x] Follow developers you admire on social media
* [ ] Read a book about coding
* [x] Open your browser console
* [x] Get data from an API
* [ ] Hide API keys from the public
* [ ] Post a question on Stack Overflow
* [x] Push code to GitHub or GitLab or BitBucket
* [ ] Speak about something web development-related at an event
* [ ] Complete a technical interview
* [ ] Participate in a hackathon
* [ ] Deploy a project
* [ ] Ship your project to a store
* [ ] Contribute to open source
* [ ] Get paid to code
* [ ] When people ask what you do, respond saying you’re a developer :)
-->
----

If you find this useful for your own needs you are welcome to fork a copy from me or checkout the original repo, customise it or even give it a star.

You can [follow me on Twitter](https://twitter.com/cesaraugp "@cesaraugp")
----

### Acknowledgments
<!--
This has been partly inspired by [Shovan Chatterjee](https://twitter.com/shovan_ch) and his wonderful [Full Stack Web Developer Path](https://github.com/shovanch/fullstack-web-developer-path) project. And of course by [Alexander Kallaway's](https://twitter.com/ka11away) very motivational [#100DaysOfCode challenge](https://github.com/Kallaway/100-days-of-code) and the great and supportive community around it.
-->
This Section will be updated soon :eyes:

### License

[MIT License](https://github.com/Syknapse/My-Learning-Tracker/blob/master/LICENSE)

Commit message:

New Sections Added
*Checklist, Highlights and Acknowledgments have been added
*Started the Freecodecamp's Javascript Algorithms and Data Structures

README.md, after:

# My Learning Tracker <!--Add Twitter Sharing Button-->

This is my own version of "My learning Tracker", a complete log of my web development skills, learning, resources, highlights, interests, and everything to do with my learning. It's a way to keep track, organise, and share my learning.

Original version created by: [@Syknapse](https://github.com/Syknapse/My-Learning-Tracker/blob/master/README.md "https://github.com/Syknapse/My-Learning-Tracker/blob/master/README.md") 

----

## Skills

[done]: https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/29199184/32275438-8385f5c0-bf0b-11e7-9406-42265f71e2bd.png "Done"
[Soon]: https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/29199184/34462916-d5c37bd4-ee4d-11e7-9f4a-d57f2243281b.png "Soon"

|               Skill              | 1<br>Introduction | 2<br>Occasional Use    | 3<br>Regular use |
|:-------------------------------- |:-----------------:|:----------------------:|:----------------:|
|**HTML5**                         | ![done][done]     | ![done][done]          | ![done][done]    |
|**CSS3**                          | ![done][done]     | ![done][done]          | ![done][done]    |
|**CSS Grid & Flex-box**           | ![done][done]     | ![done][done]          | ![done][done]    |
|**JavaScript**                    | ![done][done]     | ![done][done]          | ![done][done]    |
|**Git**                           | ![done][done]     | ![done][done]          |                  |
|**Git bash**                      | ![done][done]     | ![done][done]          |                  |
|**GitHub**                        | ![done][done]     | ![done][done]          |                  |
|**ES6**                           | ![Soon][Soon]     | ![Soon][Soon]          |![Soon][Soon]     |
|**Sass**                          |                   |                        |                  |
|**PostCSS**                       |                   |                        |                  |
|**jQuery**                        |                   |                        |                  | 
... 
<!--
|**React**                         |                   |                        |                  |
|**StoryBook**                     |                   |                        |                  |
|**Redux**                         |                   |                        |                  |
|**Backbone**                      |                   |                        |                  |
|**Bitbucket**                     |                   |                        |                  |
|**Gulp/Webpack**                  |                   |                        |                  |
|**Prettier**                      |                   |                        |                  |
|**EsLint**                        |                   |                        |                  |
|**Agile**                         |                   |                        |                  |
|**Jira**                          |                   |                        |                  |
|**NPM**                           |                   |                        |                  |
|**Yarn**                          |                   |                        |                  |
|**Working with APIs**             | ![done][done]     |                        |                  |
|**Stylus**                        |                   |                        |                  |
|**Responsive design**             | ![done][done]     |                        |                  |
|**Mobile first**                  |                   |                        |                  |
|**Progressive Enhancement**       |                   |                        |                  |
|**Markdown**                      | ![done][done]     |                        |                  |
|**Website Building**              | ![done][done]     |                        |                  |
|**Publishing website**            |                   |                        |                  |
|**Bootstrap**                     |                   |                        |                  |
|**Command line**                  | ![done][done]     |                        |                  |
|**Node.js**                       |                   |                        |                  |
|**NPM scripts**                   |                   |                        |                  |
|**Husky**                         |                   |                        |                  |
|**Open Source Contribution**      |                   |                        |                  |
|**Next.js**                       |                   |                        |                  |
|**Angular 4**                     |                   |                        |                  |-->

----

## Learning

[//]: # (Status images)

[Completed]: https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/29199184/32275438-8385f5c0-bf0b-11e7-9406-42265f71e2bd.png "Completed"
[In Progress]: https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/29199184/34462881-7305ddac-ee4d-11e7-9b57-589424820da4.png "In Progress"
[Soon]: https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/29199184/34462916-d5c37bd4-ee4d-11e7-9f4a-d57f2243281b.png "Soon"

|            Status           |   Year     | Course                                                          |                Tutor                        |
|:---------------------------:|:-----------|:----------------------------------------------------------------|:-------------------------------------------:|
| ![Completed][Completed]     |    2020    | [Responsive Web Design]                                         | [Free Code Camp]                            |
| ![In Progress][In Progress] |    2020    | [Experto en Administración Web]                                 | [Fatla.org]                                 |
| ![In Progress][In Progress] |    2020    | [JavaScript Algorithms and Data Structures]                     | [Free Code Camp]                            |
| ![Soon][Soon]               |            | [Full Stack Online Curriculum]                                  | [App Academy Open]                          |

[//]: # (Reference links to courses)

[Responsive Web Design]: https://www.freecodecamp.org/cesaraugp
[Experto en Administración Web]: https://www.fatla.org/becas/administracion-web.html
[JavaScript Algorithms and Data Structures]: https://www.freecodecamp.org/cesaraugp
[Full Stack Online Curriculum]: https://open.appacademy.io/learn/full-stack-online/



[//]: # (Reference links to tutors)

[App Academy Open]: https://open.appacademy.io/
[Free Code Camp]: https://www.freecodecamp.org
[Fatla.org]: https://www.fatla.org


## Paths

| Paths with multiple resources                             |            Author            |
|:----------------------------------------------------------|:----------------------------:|
| [Front End Developer Roadmap]                             | [Kamran Ahmed]               |
| [Full Stack Web Developer Path]                           | [Shovan Chatterjee]          |

[//]: # (Reference links to paths)

[Front End Developer Roadmap]: https://roadmap.sh/frontend
[Full Stack Web Developer Path]: https://github.com/shovanch/fullstack-web-developer-path

[//]: # (Reference links to authors)
[Kamran Ahmed]: https://github.com/kamranahmedse
[Shovan Chatterjee]: https://github.com/shovanch

----

## Highlights

Important concepts explained in 100 Seconds and some tutorials by [Fireship](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCsBjURrPoezykLs9EqgamOA "Fireship Youtube Chammel")
Crash courses and tutorials about Web Development by [Brad Traversy](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC29ju8bIPH5as8OGnQzwJyA "Traversy Media Youtube Channel")
Web Development Tutorials by [Jon Mircha](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCXR7VjA26PcHP3vb6F2X3VQ "Jon Mircha Youtube Channel")

----

## Interests

I'm currently interested in/excited about:

+ React
+ JavaScript best practices
+ Object Oriented Programming

----

## Web Development Checklist

This is a list of basic objectives to meet on the road to mastering web development.

It is an almost exact copy of [Ginny Fahs'](https://twitter.com/ginnyfahs) ["Things Real Developers Do: My Bucket List"](https://blog.prototypr.io/wondering-if-youre-a-real-developer-yet-try-making-a-bucket-list-281275482155) 
 
* [x] Open the computer’s terminal
* [x] Use a text editor (bonus points if you have a specific reason for choosing it)
* [x] Use some keyboard shortcuts
* [ ] Write tests for your code
* [ ] Help another web developer with something they’re having trouble with
* [ ] Attend an event about web development
* [x] Follow developers you admire on social media
* [ ] Read a book about coding
* [x] Open your browser console
* [x] Get data from an API
* [ ] Hide API keys from the public
* [ ] Post a question on Stack Overflow
* [x] Push code to GitHub or GitLab or BitBucket
* [ ] Speak about something web development-related at an event
* [ ] Complete a technical interview
* [ ] Participate in a hackathon
* [ ] Deploy a project
* [ ] Ship your project to a store
* [ ] Contribute to open source
* [ ] Get paid to code
* [ ] When people ask what you do, respond saying you’re a developer :)

----

If you find this useful for your own needs you are welcome to fork a copy from me or checkout the original repo, customise it or even give it a star.

You can [follow me on Twitter](https://twitter.com/cesaraugp "@cesaraugp")
----

### Acknowledgments

This has been partly inspired by [Shovan Chatterjee](https://twitter.com/shovan_ch) and his wonderful [Full Stack Web Developer Path](https://github.com/shovanch/fullstack-web-developer-path) project, [Kamran Ahmed](https://twitter.com/kamranahmedse) and his amazing [Front-End Developer Roadmap](https://github.com/kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap) Learning Path, [Alexander Kallaway's](https://twitter.com/ka11away) very motivational [#100DaysOfCode challenge](https://github.com/Kallaway/100-days-of-code) and the great and supportive community around it.

And of course, i have to acknowledge [Syk Houdeib](https://github.com/syknapse "@syknapse") for making the original repository and inspire with his story: [How I switched careers and got a developer job in 10 months: a true story](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/how-i-switched-careers-and-got-a-developer-job-in-10-months-a-true-story-b8895e855a8b/) to finally take action in making my dream a reality.


### License

[MIT License](https://github.com/Syknapse/My-Learning-Tracker/blob/master/LICENSE)
